Make it clear how bad a day you'll have if you switch on version (#467)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-manageability.md

QUIC is expected to evolve rapidly, so new versions, both experimental and IETF
standard versions, will be deployed on the Internet more often than with

> traditional Internet- and transport-layer protocols. Use of the version number
> field for traffic recognition will therefore behave differently than with
> these traditional protocols. Using a particular version number to recognize
> valid QUIC traffic is likely to persistently miss a fraction of QUIC flows,

Author: ```suggestion
other commonly deployed Internet- and transport-layer protocols. Use
of the version number field for traffic recognition will therefore behave
differently than with these protocols. Using a particular version number
to recognize valid QUIC traffic is likely to persistently miss a fraction of
QUIC flows,
```

QUIC is expected to evolve rapidly, so new versions, both experimental and IETF
standard versions, will be deployed on the Internet more often than with
traditional Internet- and transport-layer protocols. Use of the version number
field for traffic recognition will therefore behave differently than with
these traditional protocols. Using a particular version number to recognize
valid QUIC traffic is likely to persistently miss a fraction of QUIC flows,
and completely fail in the near future. Reliance on the version number field
for the purposes of admission control is similarly likely to rapidly lead to
unintended failure modes. Admission of QUIC traffic regardless of version
avoids these failure modes, avoids unnecessary deployment delays, and

> supports continuous continious version-based evolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports continuous version-based evolution.
```

or did you really mean "continuous continuous"?
